My Dear friends, 

We've finally come to the conclusion of this journey, and though we will be going different ways, know that you will be always in my thoughts. 

Twelve weeks ago, I saw each and everyone of you for the first time and yet i got to see you all grow and learn so much, break your boundaries and 
overcome your fears. Words can only do so much to express the respect and admiration that i feel towwards all of you today, as well as the pride of having been 
a part of this.

Today I will try to be brief and concise.

if i may i would like to share a quick anedote with you, it's called the cookie jar anecdote, some of you may have heard of it already.


A man, that goes by David Goggins needed to raise some funds for something called "Special Operations Warrior Foundation" which is a non-profit organization founded
to provide scholarships to the surviving children of the special ops soldiers killed in the line of duty. In order to do this he set himself a goal... 
"to run Badwater 135" which is the world's toughest foot race, and in order to earn you spot you hace to meet certain requirements, one of which was to have run at least
100 MILES in marathons. since the date was getting near he opted to run in a race that was 24 hours long in order to meet the said standards.

Goggins had been in military training before but he wasnt precisely ready to run basically 4 marathons in one go.

He did okay for the first miles, then on the 25th mile he starting doubting himself, "can i actually do this?" he was already feeling a bit tired, and he basically had
3 more marathos left to run, however, he kept on going.

Then mile 50 came, his tight heavier than ever before, the slighest movement on his ankles were a torture for him. yet he kept on going, he was not fast nor graceful
by anymeans but he kept on going.

on mile 70 he stopped, a mixture of blood and urine was dripping down his leg, he was at one of the lowest point in his life

exhausted he asked himself, why? why did i kept on going when i should have quit five hours ago?

he then remember, this wasnt the first time he had done something he thought impossible at first, suddenly he reconvered a little energy

He started walking slowly, step by step, he  kept on diggin in his past, remembering previous victories, he remember how he felt when he succeeded back then

and this was enough to give him the energy to give the next step till the 100 mile mark. 

Thats what the cookie jar is, the achievements you've harvested, and the adversities you have withstood.

Today my friends, we get to put another cookie into the cookie jar, i'd would even go as far as to say that we have been given plenty for the trip we start today.

what we've done this past few weeks was nothing short of amazing, i'm and will be forever thankful for crossing roads with you.

Thank you.